React.js  is an independent library from the browser platform and mobile platform.
React.js is platform-agnostic. It's a library that offer us state tools and syntax for constructing a virtual representation tree in components with all that we need to create applications. But it is
the React-DOM library who translates into the browser what we create with React.js..So, in reality,  React.is doesn't care about the underlying platform.
React Native is like React-DOM, which give us special components and tools that under the hood compile to native code.

React native is like React dom. But it targets the mobile platform.

-------------------------------------------------------

How react Native works?

The library comes with pre-built component such the <View></View>, and <Text></Text> and many more, that will be compiled to their native equivalents in the android and ios platforms. Just the code for the view itself, for what the eye can see in the screen. But the logic part, such the if statements, the functions, the state management, etc. All of that is not compiled. Our js code will be run as js code in a js thread inside the compiled native app, and then, that js code will be allowed to communicate with the underlined compiled app and mobile resources such as the camera through a 'bridge'.(This worries me a little, for performance matters. Marcello Caon confirmed me that in real life, there's no performance matters at all)
-----------------------------------------------------------

We have two alternatives to install React Native: Expo CLI and the React Native CLI. Both options will give you a development environment in which you'll be able to development your mobile apps.

Some of the differences:
Expo CLI:
Third party service(The most important features are free but the company behind it also offers paid features)
It is easier to use than the React native CLI, and it is the recommended method to start with. The development has less friction.
If We needed to switch to the React Native CLI we could do it anytime.

React Native CLI:
The setup is a little longer. It is the tool provided by the React Native team and community.
It gives you a bare-bone development(You need to set up way more things)
Less convenient features.
It has easier integration with native source code(e.g. kotlin and Objective-C), although the whole purpose of tools like React native is that you don't find yourself in the need for doing this too often. So is a 'apparent' benefit.

